Change all true values to boolean in docs (#2330)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/avatar/accessibility.mdx

### Best practices

> Decorative Avatars (Avatars that repeat the information already expressed by the accompanied text) should be hidden from the screen reader to avoid repetition. If you are adding an Avatar for decorative purposes, pass `aria-hidden={true}` to hide its label from the screen reader.

Author: aria-hidden is Booleanish, but doesn't hurt to change it to true

Reviewer: I'm tempted to say this whole sentence should be something like:

```suggestion
Decorative Avatars (Avatars that repeat the information already expressed by the accompanying text) should be hidden from the screen reader to avoid repetition. If you are adding an Avatar for decorative purposes, use `aria-hidden` to hide its label from the screen reader.
```

Reviewer: cc @jpmorganchase/salt-content

Reviewer: It's actually not so simple, I'll chat with you

Author: agreed, will change to Joshs suggestion if its ok? @mikearildbrown
